Document how to get the latest finalized block number (#685)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/developers/guides/finalized-block.mdx

---
title: Retrieve finalized L2 blocks
---

> A finalized L2 block is a block on a L2 blockchain (Linea) that has been confirmed and validated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A finalized L2 block is a block on an L2 blockchain (Linea) that has been confirmed and validated
```

by the L1 blockchain (Ethereum), ensuring its immutability and security.

Linea doesn't currently support the Ethereum-standard `finalized` block parameter tag, meaning you
cannot use the tag in JSON-RPC API calls to retrieve blocks that have been confirmed by the L1

> network. For example, in methods where you can specify a block parameter, such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
network. This includes, for example, methods where you can specify a block parameter, such as
```
